hello and welcome to the
first wanted warcraft tutorial today
I'll show you how to do that
probing and herbs are easier to paint
makes that easy is her user
for only a small marco
krauth travel could you have the
plant or other then enter /
probe can explore their approach
indulge in painting and hughes that again
what's up here waiting to travel
told my case so if you have
you that in one strip you click
one time spent probing her drive
The swiss and her are allowed to
gets the items normally
if you did that then you have in
Your marco finished if you still have that
then robbers are needed to make it easier
the one keyboard or contains one
keyboard the markus allows with what one
markus abt think
It's easy then you go
just this is what this marco occupies
with a new macro or enter
probing or for the first time now
Recording data
after simply times the once purely
also to burn okay now only
Repeat option not thought at
the key 1 off so always so if you
that really wanted to do like to go
then you turn it off so now I have
Save it to the three occupied profile
flow and now I press my g3 times
and yes it will be cast by so
Do her other things and one now
emergency brake and that does it all
for you
Thank you for watching
Have a nice day and
subscribe to